fix(windows instances): add instructions to configure the backup transfer of a windows instance (#7201)
ovh/docs: pages/public_cloud/compute/transfer_instance_backup_from_one_datacentre_to_another/guide.en-gb.md

$ openstack image create --disk-format qcow2 --container-format bare --file snap_server1.qcow snap_server1
```

> [!warning]
>

> > If your instance uses a Windows image, you need to add specific properties. Otherwise, when creating the instance via the manager, it will not be possible to associate a flavor of the win-x-x type. This type of flavor, and only this one, enables authentication to the [KMS OVH](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-gb-dedicated-servers-windows-key?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0044091).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your instance uses a Windows image, you need to add specific properties. Otherwise, when creating the instance via the OVHcloud Control Panel, it will not be possible to associate a flavor of the win-x-x type. This type of flavor, and only this one, enables authentication to the [OVHcloud KMS](/pages/bare_metal_cloud/dedicated_servers/windows_key).
```

### Create an instance from your backup

> [!warning]
>

> > If your instance is a Windows server, you must select a flavor of type win-xx-xx (for example, win-b2-15) and have a public interface on the Ext-Net network. Without these conditions, authentication with the OVH KMS will not be possible, and your server will remain with an [unactivated licence](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-gb-public-cloud-compute-activate-windows-licence-private-mode-instance?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0056164). This could lead to limitations, including the absence of updates. Please note that it is not possible to resize a Linux instance (such as b2-15) to a Windows instance (such as win-b2-15). To make this transition, you need to recreate a new instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your instance is a Windows server, you must select a flavor of type win-xx-xx (for example, win-b2-15) and have a public interface on the Ext-Net network. Without these conditions, authentication with the OVHcloud KMS will not be possible, and your server will remain with an [unactivated licence](/pages/public_cloud/compute/activate-windows-license-private-mode). This could lead to limitations, including the absence of updates. Please note that it is not possible to resize a Linux instance (such as b2-15) to a Windows instance (such as win-b2-15). To make this transition, you need to recreate a new instance.
```
